Fix typo (#90520)
Azure/azure-content: articles/load-testing/how-to-parameterize-load-tests.md

    
If you run your load test in a CI/CD workflow, you can define environment variables in the YAML test configuration file. For more information about the syntax, see the [Test configuration YAML reference](./reference-test-config-yaml.md).

> Alternatively, you can directly specify environment variables in the CI/CD workflow definition. You use input parameters for the GitHub Actions or Azure Pipelines task to pass environment variables to the Apache JMeter script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can directly specify environment variables in the CI/CD workflow definition. You use input parameters for the Azure Load Testing action or Azure Pipelines task to pass environment variables to the Apache JMeter script.
```

### What happens if I have parameters in both my YAML configuration file and the CI/CD workflow?  

> If a parameter exists in both the YAML configuration file and the Azure Pipelines task or GitHub Action, the Azure Pipelines task or GitHub Actions value will be used for the test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a parameter exists in both the YAML configuration file and the Azure Load Testing action or Azure Pipelines task, the value from the CI/CD workflow will be used for the test run.
```
